Open up Crome and go to your slash check you're out.
We're in the process of setting up straight to take credit card payments in the last tutorial when we
feel that this form with the test card nothing happened.
So go to your striped dashboard no money actually came through.
We need to change the check a view to handle straight open checkout used up he y.
We want to see what the forum is posting.
So tight if requests method equal equal post colon and below that print request.
Post
once that's complete say News.com.
He y.
And refresh.
Slash check it.
Fill out the form again with the test card provided which is 4 to 4 to 4 times over and then submit
payment
opened up your terminal
host is printed striped token and see SRF middleware token are posted.
The straight token is used to securely send credit card information to Strypes servers where it's then
charged we need to check a view to store the posted value of striped token.
So open checkout views top Y and delete print request.
Post will create a local variable we'll call this local variable token token or store the posted value
of Strype token.
So type token equals request that posts straight token and below that print token.
Once you're done with that save views thought y and refresh flash check it.
Once again you're going to want to fill out the form entering Strypes test card and submitting the payment
open up your terminal.
The value of token is printed.
We need to add our stripe API key to setting up why so open try 10 settings stop.
Why scroll right to the bottom and take the following code.
Pounde Strypes stuff into 185 pound testee into 187 in 188 Strype underscore publishable underscore
key
under that you're going to add Strype equals secret underscore key equals
skipping down to line 1 91 lb. life.
Keys.
Low that pound Strype underscore publishable underscore key equals
and pound Strype underscore secret underscore equals which can be copied from the code above.
Next go to Strype dot com and go to your dashboard.
I want to point out that on the left side there is a switch for test and wife.
For now we're just going to keep it on test.
Click on your account then account settings and click on the API key tabs.
Here are my two sets of API keys.
One set for testing the other set for life.
Remember if you want to you can refresh your API keys by clicking the arrows next to them.
Copy each key and paste it into its corresponding variable in setting up Hiwatt
will need to reference the straight keys often.
If we ever have to update or straight piece will only have to paste the new keys into one spot in setting
subcu wide.
When you go live uncomment the life keys comment out the test keys open check out news top White before
we can reference our striped keys.
We need to import settings into line 1 tape from Django that Dotcom's import settings
and belowdecks check requests can be found on line 7 ad published key equals settings that stripe underscore
publishable underscore key.
Lastly update your context variable adding publish key Colan publish keep
Now that that's complete open.
Check out templates.
Check out that H.T. amount and replace the hardcoded key with the published key variable which is rendered
through context type published key to the end of line 6
open views t why we need to create another local variable.
We'll call this variable secret key secret key will store our straight secret key type secret key settings
that Strype underscore secret underscore key with that complete.
Open up a browser window and go back to Strypes documentation from the left panel click creating charges.
This page explains how to charge a customer next make sure the python tab is selected for the code example
and copy striped API underscore.
Keep next open checking views Tarpey why paste the copied code.
Make sure that you add into line for import Strype.
Next we're going to want to delete a few hard line quotes so delete secret key equals replacing it with
settings dot stripe underscore secret underscore key all we've done is set straight that API underscore
key equal settings but Strype underscore secret underscore key.
Go back to Strypes documentation the example code sets the Strype token to a variable called token then
tries to charge the customer.
We already have tokin but we need the code that tries to charge the actual customer.
So copy the cell code open check out NeuStar p y delete print token from line 14 and paste the copied
code here.
For this to work the Python code should be tabbed in as follows.
Once the payment form is submitted this view will try to charge the customer if the card cannot be charged
an error message will show.
Save used up white.
I'm going to sum up how charging a customer or stripe works.
Then we'll test it out.
Published he is set to my publishable underscore key
Strype underscore API underscore key is set to my secret key.
I set these keys in setting Sabahi why I then imported my settings into this view the publishable key
and secret key is required by Strype to charge a customer.
I put my publisher key into context.
Context is rendered with the template out aged him out when the checkout form is submitted.
The data is posted.
The value of the posted Strype token is saved in a variable called token.
The check of view then tries to charge a customer if the card cannot be charged and airwork will show.
So let's try it out.
Reflect refresh.
Slash checkout.
Fill out the form and submit it.
There's money in my Strype account.
You could charge different amounts but change in with them not equal to in the checkout view.
If I change the settings to use the live keys then flip the stripe dashboard switch to life.
I could start charging for real money
just a little side note.
If you receive an error that says authentication error Strype no longer supports API requests made with
tell us one point.
Oh please initiate connections with tail less 1.2 or later.
It's because you were using an older version of Python or open SSL.
That's why you'd get this error message so go to your L and follow the upgrade instructions for your
system.
Shrike will then work on your server.